cloud: add release note 20230104 (#11891)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes.md

---
title: TiDB Cloud Release Notes in 2023
summary: Learn about the release notes of TiDB Cloud in 2023.
aliases: ['/tidbcloud/beta/supported-tidb-versions']
---

# TiDB Cloud Release Notes in 2023

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2023.

## January 4, 2023

**General changes**

> - Support scaling up TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash nodes by increasing the **Node Size(vCPU + RAM)** for TiDB Dedicated Tier clusters hosted on AWS and created after December 31, 2022.

Author: ```suggestion
- Support scaling up cluster size by increasing the **Node Size(vCPU + RAM)** of TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash nodes for TiDB Dedicated Tier clusters hosted on AWS and created after December 31, 2022.
```

    You can increase the node size [using the TiDB Cloud console](/tidb-cloud/scale-tidb-cluster.md#increase-node-size) or [using the TiDB Cloud API (beta)](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1beta#tag/Cluster/operation/UpdateCluster).

> - Extend the metrics retention period on the [**Monitoring**](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) page to 2 days.

Author: ```suggestion
- Extend the metrics retention period on the [**Monitoring**](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) page to two days.
```

>     Now you have access to metrics data from the last 2 days, giving you more flexibility and visibility into your cluster performance and trends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now you have access to metrics data within the last 2 days, giving you more flexibility and visibility into your cluster performance and trends.
```

>     Now you have access to metrics data from the last 2 days, giving you more flexibility and visibility into your cluster performance and trends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Now you have access to metrics data from the last two days, giving you more flexibility and visibility into your cluster performance and trends.
```

https://developers.google.com/style/numbers#numbers-as-words

>     This feature comes at no additional cost and can be accessed on the **Diagnosis** tab of the [**Monitoring**](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) page for your cluster. This will help you identify and troubleshoot performance issues and monitor the overall health of your cluster more effectively.

Reviewer: How to understand "additional cost"? What kind of cost it may be (money, time, machine)?  
```suggestion
    This improvement comes at no additional cost and can be accessed on the **Diagnosis** tab of the [**Monitoring**](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) page for your cluster. This will help you identify and troubleshoot performance issues and monitor the overall health of your cluster more effectively.
```

Author: it is is free?

- Support customizing Grafana dashboard JSON for Prometheus integration.

>   If you have [integrated TiDB Cloud with Prometheus](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md), you can now import a pre-built Grafana dashboard to monitor TiDB Cloud clusters and customize the dashboard to your needs. This feature enables easy and fast monitoring of your TiDB Cloud clusters and helps you identify any performance issues quickly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If you have [integrated TiDB Cloud with Prometheus](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md), you can now import a pre-built Grafana dashboard to monitor TiDB Cloud clusters and customize the dashboard to your needs. This feature enables easy and fast monitoring of your TiDB Cloud clusters and helps you identify any performance issues quickly.
```

>   For more information, see [Use Grafana GUI dashboards to visualize the metrics](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md#step-3-use-grafana-gui-dashboards-to-visualize-the-metrics).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For more information, see [Use Grafana GUI dashboards to visualize the metrics](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md#step-3-use-grafana-gui-dashboards-to-visualize-the-metrics).
```

**Console changes**

> - Simplify the display of the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and cluster overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simplify the display of the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster overview page.
```

---
title: TiDB Cloud Release Notes in 2023
summary: Learn about the release notes of TiDB Cloud in 2023.

> aliases: ['/tidbcloud/beta/supported-tidb-versions','/tidbcloud/release-notes']

Author: ```suggestion
aliases: ['/tidbcloud/beta/supported-tidb-versions']
```

## January 4, 2023

**General changes**

- Support scaling up TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash nodes by increasing the **Node Size(vCPU + RAM)** for TiDB Dedicated Tier clusters hosted on AWS and created after December 31, 2022.

    You can increase the node size [using the TiDB Cloud console](/tidb-cloud/scale-tidb-cluster.md#increase-node-size) or [using the TiDB Cloud API (beta)](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1beta#tag/Cluster/operation/UpdateCluster).

- Extend the metrics retention period on the [**Monitoring**](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) page to 2 days.

    Now you are able to access and analyze metrics data from the past 2 days, giving you more flexibility and visibility into your cluster performance and trends.

    This feature is available at no extra cost and can be accessed on the **Diagnosis** tab of the [**Monitoring**](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) page for your cluster, which helps you identify and troubleshoot performance issues and monitor the overall health of your cluster more effectively.

- Support customizing Grafana dashboard JSON for Prometheus integration.

>   If you have [integrated TiDB Cloud with Prometheus](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md), you can now import a pre-built Grafana dashboard that is designed for monitoring TiDB Cloud clusters and customize the dashboard to your needs, which helps you monitor your TiDB Cloud clusters easier and quickly identify any performance issues.

Author: ```suggestion
  If you have [integrated TiDB Cloud with Prometheus](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md), you can now import a pre-built Grafana dashboard to monitor TiDB Cloud clusters and customize the dashboard to your needs, which enables easy and fast monitoring of your TiDB Cloud clusters and helps you identify any performance issues quickly.
```

  For more information, see [Use Grafana GUI dashboards to visualize the metrics](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md#step-3-use-grafana-gui-dashboards-to-visualize-the-metrics).

**Console changes**

- Simplify the display of the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and cluster overview page.

    - You can click the cluster name on the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page to enter the cluster overview page and start operating the cluster.

>     - Remove the **Connection** pane from the cluster overview page. You can click **Connect** in the upper-right corner to get the connection information.
>     - Remove the **Import** pane from the cluster overview page. You can click **Import** in the left navigation pane to import data.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Remove the **Connection** and **Import** panes from the cluster overview page. You can click **Connect** in the upper-right corner to get the connection information and click **Import** in the left navigation pane to import data.
```
